doc: Added Thingy:91 X sections under Developing with nRF91 (#18165)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The :ref:`nRF91 modem tracing with RTT backend snippet <nrf91_modem_trace_rtt_snippet>` to enable modem tracing using the RTT trace backend.
  * The :ref:`nRF91 modem tracing with RAM backend snippet <nrf91_modem_trace_ram_snippet>` to enable modem tracing using the RAM trace backend.

>   * Guides for Thingy:91 X on the :ref:`ug_nrf91` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * User guide for Thingy:91 X in the :ref:`ug_nrf91` documentation.
```

Author: Removed from this PR and added this comment to the 2.8 release notes PR.
